docs: Add Safe CLI (#400)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/advanced/cli-reference/common-operations.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Common Operations

<Callout type='info' emoji='ℹ️'>

>   You must first load the sender's private key. When loading an owner, it will be set automatically.

Reviewer: This does not give context on why, where, and how

</Callout>

## Safe

### Create new Safe

> You can create a new Safe by running the following command:

Reviewer: As this is a reference, all the params in the command should be explained in detail

```bash
safe-creator <node_url> <private_key> --owners <checksummed_address_1> <checksummed_address_2> --threshold <uint> --salt-nonce <uint256>
```

> ### Load a Safe

Reviewer: Inconsistency here:
- Load **a** Safe
- Update (a) Safe

To load a Safe, use the following command:

```bash
safe-cli <checksummed_safe_address> <ethereum_node_url>
```

Then you should be on the prompt and see information about the Safe, like the owners, version, etc.

The next step would be loading some owners for the Safe. At least `threshold` owners need to be loaded to do operations

> on the Safe, and at least one should have funds to send transactions.

Reviewer: New line unneeded

### Update Safe

> Updates the Safe to the latest version (if you are on a known network like `Goerli` or `Mainnet`).

Reviewer: Check if we use Mainnet or `Mainnet` in our docs

```bash
update
``` 

## Transactions

### Send custom transactions

> Sends a custom transaction from the Safe to a contract. If `--delegate` is set, a `delegatecall` will be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends a custom transaction from the Safe account to a contract. If `--delegate` is set, a `delegatecall` will be triggered.
```

```bash
send_custom <address> <value-wei> <data-hex-str> [--delegate] [--safe-nonce <int>]
```

> ### Send ether

Reviewer: "native coin" instead of "ether"

Sends ether from the Safe to another account.

```bash
send_ether <address> <value-wei> [--safe-nonce <int>]
```

### Send ERC-20 tokens

> Send the ERC-20 token from the Safe to another account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends the ERC-20 token from the Safe account to a different one.
```

```bash
send_erc20 <address> <token_address> <value> [--safe-nonce <int>]
```

> ### Approve `safe-tx-hash`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Approve the Safe transaction hash
```

Approves a `safe-tx-hash` for the provided sender address.

```bash
approve_hash <keccak-hexstr-hash> <sender-address>
```

## Owners

### Add a new owner

Adds a new owner `address` to the Safe.

```bash
add_owner <address>
``` 

### Load owners

#### From private key

Loading owners is unnecessary if you want to do `read-only` operations.

To load owners:

```
> load_cli_owners <account_private_key>
Loaded account 0xab...cd with balance=123 ether
Set account 0xab..cd as default sender of txs
```

You can also load owners from your environment variables before running the Safe CLI:

```bash
export MY_PRIVATE_KEY=YOUR_EOA_PRIVATE_KEY
```

> Run the Safe-CLI, then:

Reviewer: Safe CLI

```
> load_cli_owners MY_PRIVATE_KEY
Loaded account 0xab...cd with balance=123 ether
Set account 0xab..cd as default sender of txs
```

To check the loaded owners:

```
> show_cli_owners
```

To unload an owner:

```
> unload_cli_owners <ethereum_checksummed_address>
```

#### From hardware wallets

<Callout type='info' emoji='ℹ️'>
  Before signing anything, ensure that the data on your hardware wallet device is the same as the Safe CLI data.
</Callout>

If you want to use both Ledger and Trezor, you need to run the following command:

```bash
pip install "safe-cli[ledger, trezor]"
```

##### Ledger

> The Ledger module is an optional feature of Safe CLI to sign transactions with the help of [ledgereth](https://github.com/mikeshultz/ledger-eth-lib) library based on [ledgerblue](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/blue-loader-python).

Reviewer: Is it "Safe CLI" or "the Safe CLI"? This happens a lot of times in the CLI docs

> To enable, the Safe CLI must be installed as follows:

Reviewer: It's not clear what the reader needs to enable

```bash
pip install "safe-cli[ledger]"
```

When running on Linux, make sure the following rules have been added to `/etc/udev/rules.d/`:

```commandline
SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="2c97", ATTRS{idProduct}=="0000", MODE="0660", TAG+="uaccess", TAG+="udev-acl" OWNER="<UNIX username>"
SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="2c97", ATTRS{idProduct}=="0001", MODE="0660", TAG+="uaccess", TAG+="udev-acl" OWNER="<UNIX username>"
SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="2c97", ATTRS{idProduct}=="0004", MODE="0660", TAG+="uaccess", TAG+="udev-acl" OWNER="<UNIX username>"
```

**Ledger commands**

> - `load_ledger_cli_owners [--legacy-accounts] [--derivation-path <str>]`: show a list of the first five accounts (--legacy-accounts search using legacy derivation) or load an account from provided derivation path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `load_ledger_cli_owners [--legacy-accounts] [--derivation-path <str>]`: shows a list of the first five accounts (`--legacy-accounts` search using legacy derivation) or loads an account from the provided derivation path.
```

##### Trezor

The Trezor module is an optional feature of Safe CLI to sign transactions from the Trezor hardware wallet using the [trezor](https://pypi.org/project/trezor/) library.

To enable, Safe CLI must be installed as follows:

```bash
pip install "safe-cli[trezor]"
```

**Trezor commands**

> - `load_trezor_cli_owners [--legacy-accounts] [--derivation-path <str>]`: show a list of the first five accounts (--legacy-accounts search using legacy derivation) or load an account from provided derivation path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `load_trezor_cli_owners [--legacy-accounts] [--derivation-path <str>]`: shows a list of the first five accounts (`--legacy-accounts` search using legacy derivation) or loads an account from provided derivation path.
```

> ### Remove an owner

Reviewer: There are inconsistencies here:
- Remove **an** owner
- Change (the) threhold
- Enable (a) module
- Etc.

Removes an owner `address` from the Safe.

```bash
remove_owner <address>
```

## Change threshold

Changes the `threshold` of the Safe.

```bash
change_threshold <integer>
``` 

## Modules

### Enable module

Enable module `address`.

```bash
enable_module <address>
```

### Disable module

Disable module `address`.

```bash
disable_module <address>
```

## Refresh Safe CLI

> If the information in the information bar is outdated or there's any problem, you can force the `safe-cli` to update the information about the Safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the information in the information bar is outdated or there's any problem, you can force the Safe CLI to update the information about the Safe.
```

> If the information in the information bar is outdated or there's any problem, you can force the `safe-cli` to update the information about the Safe.

Reviewer: Is not clear what the "information bar" is

```bash
refresh
```

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  Only use the following operations if you are sure about what you are doing, as they can result in all your funds getting lost.
</Callout>

## Update fallback handler

Updates the fallback handler to be `address`. Supported by Safes with `version >= v1.1.0`.

```bash
change_fallback_handler <address>
```

> ## Update guard

Reviewer: Use "Safe Guard" in this title and description

Updates the guard to be `address`. Supported by Safes with `version >= v1.3.0`.

```bash
change_guard <address>
```

> ## Update master copy

Reviewer 2: Agree, we are trying to rename usages of `master copy` to `singleton`

Updates the master copy to be `address`. It's used to update the Safe.

```bash
change_master_copy <address>
``` 

> ## Update to L2

Reviewer: It is not clear what is been updated
